A stone statue?! So he
switched places?!
[chuckle]
How careless, Kinshiki.
Oh?
The Rinnegan?
Naruto Uzumaki. He's my dad.
He's not like everyone else.
He's the busiest
shinobi in the village.
What I mean is: he's
the Seventh Hokage.
But still, even if that's
true it's no excuse for him
to keep ignoring me!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[growl]
You really messed
this place up.
But I'm your opponent
now! You damned panda!
[growling]
Huh? That thing's a bear!
It only looks like
a vicious panda!
Whatever. This'll be easy.
This guy's just an ugly
panda, after all!
Boruto, you idiot!
It's a bear!
Does that really
matter right now?
What matters is to lure
this bear-panda right to
Konohamaru Sensei.
[growling]
[angry roar]
Cha- Huh?!
See? That panda was
a piece of cake!
Just leave it to the son of
the Seventh Hokage and
grandson of the Fourth.
He'll probably become
Hokage, too.
No, I'm gonna be Hokage!
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu!
[angry growling]
The recovery team
will be here soon.
That's great news.
Thank you so much.
But, um. Konohamaru
Sensei...
That jutsu before, wasn't
it actually a Secret
Jutsu of the Nara Clan?
Yeah!
Whoa! How cool!
Those rumors... Is that
the new Ninja Tool?
You hear news fast, Mitsuki.
The Scientific Ninja
Tool Team made it.
Gathering data about
this prototype was also
a part of this mission.
This is an extremely
small scroll.
And this contains
that jutsu?
Yes, this thing
can seal ninjutsu.
Just like Mr. Shikamaru's
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu.
For example, this
is my Rasengan.
Then I can release it...
...like this!
Whoa! Wow!
Awesome! So, can
anyone use it?
Yeah!
It's separate from
your own chakra.
You don't really even
need to be a ninja!
Konohamaru Sensei...
Since one's own
chakra isn't involved...
...the aim could be
off, which I guess
could pose a problem.
The most important
thing is to communicate
properly, you know?
You're right, of course.
If you're just tuning in,
Seventh Hokage Naruto
Uzumaki just said that
"communication" is
how our current peace
was reached after the
many wars of the past.
But we must never forget
that this peace was made
possible by the sacrifice
of many, many shinobi.
That's right, you know.
So to ensure that these
fallen shinobi of past wars
did not die in vain
and to preserve
this hard-won peace.
We must make sure to teach
this history to the youth,
to the next generation.
That's right, you know.
We can't say that the scars
left by this great war, in
which five villages
became embroiled,
have completely healed.
But through the efforts of
the Seventh Hokage, the five
villages, which were once at
odds, have become one.
And step by step,
they're making inroads
toward progress.
You've got that
right, you know.
Our society's advancing
through information and
communication, and
we must guard the
peace and prosperity
that we've secured.
Now, turning our attention
to the Chunin Exams, which
the five villages
have agreed to
sponsor jointly for
the first time.
For all of the genin who are
going to be participating
this year, any advice?
Remember these three things!
Teamwork and perseverance...
And that's it! Good
luck to you all!
[chuckle] But that
was only two things.
Anyway, thanks for
those inspiring words.
And thanks to you all for
joining us live today!
Hey, Dad, I'm not talking to
some Shadow Clone now, am I?
No, of course not. It's
the Hokage's office.
And by the way, don't call
me "Dad" in here. It's Lord
Hokage or Lord Seventh.
So? How'd it go?
What do you think? That
mission was way easy!
I mean, I could've
done it all by myself!
What's important for a
shinobi is teamwork
and perseverance.
You have to train
as a trio and-
I didn't have to train to be
able to make three Shadow
Clones of myself! [chuckle]
I know Wind Style, Lightning
Style and now Water Style!
Konohamaru!
What have you
been teaching him?!
Don't blame my sensei
just 'cause you don't
know anything about
me, all right?
You've never bothered
to even watch me!
[sigh] Never mind...
Look, what's important is-
Forget that! What's really
important now is what day it
is! Do you even know why?
If you forgot my kid
sister's birthday, I'll
never forgive you.
Excuse me, sir?
Katasuke...
As the head of the
Scientific Ninja Tool Team,
I have a request to
make, Lord Seventh.
What is it?
For the upcoming Chunin
Exams, we'd like your
authorization to the
use the ninja tool
our team made!
Then the genin won't have
to go through such harsh
training and they'd have
more ninjutsu to use!
Their performances would be
more elaborate as well!
And if we market these ninja
tools to other villages, the
income will benefit
Hidden Leaf Village.
No way.
The Chunin Exams are not a
"performance." Their purpose
is to nurture shinobi.
Oh, I see.
Excuse me...
This isn't the lame era
you grew up in, Dad.
Hey, Boruto! Wait!
I was just about to
give him the Chunin
Exams application!
[sigh]
Here you go.
Great, thanks again!
Now, you didn't forget the
new software, did you?
You know that I wouldn't.
Are you entering the Chunin
Exams, young lord?
Nah, no way.
Sorry to hear that. What a
shame, I'm sure everyone
would want to see your
skills in action.
Especially your
father, right?
Wait, the Hokage is there
watching the Chunin Exams?
Of course!
So you're an expert at
video games, too, huh?
Look, what do
you want, Mitsuki?
I already said
I'm not interested.
Konohamaru Sensei
asked us to come here.
Yeah. We need a
three-man team to enter
the Chunin Exams.
If you don't apply,
then we can't.
Yeah, so what?
Look, my dream is to become
the Hokage. Are you going to
destroy my dream?!
Becoming Hokage...
...doesn't interest
me at all!
Being Hokage isn't
hereditary!
Fine, then you can be the
Hokage for all I care.
Ruin your family, too.
The Hokage is just a
nuisance to everyone.
[gasp]
Boruto, we need a
third man too, or we
won't get past this level.
We just don't have any
chance of beating the next
boss if you don't help out.
Then here, I'll
give you my data.
This one has shortcuts.
It's really easy.
Uh maybe, but I don't
really want that.
It's okay; someone
gave them to me, too.
This is a cheat.
Huh? You're leaving?
Yeah, this is only fun
because I have to sneak
away from Mom to play it.
Well, guess I'd
better go, too.
We should at least get our
applications together.
Listen, we're a team,
isn't that right?
Can't you cooperate?
Please, Boruto.
In the Chunin Exams, we can
show Lord Seventh what we've
got! So what do you say?
I'm sure everyone
would want to see
your skills in action.
Especially your
father, right?
Okay, already.
You want me to join
you, I'll join you.
[chuckle]
[giggle]
He's so easy!
Hey, Sarada! Is your
dad gonna come watch?
[chuckle] Who cares?!
He couldn't even
become Hokage.
You're wrong about him.
My dad used to say that
Uncle Sasuke is
"the other Hokage."
Oh, please! He's
just being nice!
Sasuke is the only shinobi
who could rival the Seventh
Hokage. That's what
my parent said.
And my parent's even
more awesome than
both of your dads.
[groan]
What's wrong?
Hey, who are your
parents, anyway?
Yeah, you never told
me that, either.
Oh, well, it's-
Big Brother!
It's my birthday today! So
hurry up! Let's go home!
Sure! [chuckle] Sorry,
but I gotta go!
Hurry, Brother!
Himawari, we're gonna feast
tonight. [chuckling]
Yay! [giggling]
So Boruto knows how
to smile after all.
Yeah...
Hey!
So you actually made it.
Oh, happy birthday
on your special day.
That you are very precious,
is what we want to say!
And congratulations
sent your way!
So happy birthday!
A Shadow Clone...
Boruto! Boruto!
Just let me go, Mom!
Your father has to
work very hard for the
people of the village.
But it doesn't mean
that he's forgotten
about you two!
But why?! Why does my dad
have to be the Hokage?!
He just sits at his desk
all day, acting bossy!
Anyone can do that!
Being Hokage is
a difficult job.
It's a duty crucial to the
village's survival, passed
down through generations!
And the Hokage's kids are
supposed to be grateful for
being born into this stupid
situation, is that it?
Oh yeah, I know our
grandpa was also Hokage.
And when Dad was
a kid, Grandpa
Hokage wasn't even alive!
So I guess Dad's just
lucky that he never had to
experience the "joy"
of having a parent around!
I understand...
It's hard not having
your father around
on important days.
But nonetheless, it's
different with you.
You still have a father
who's actually here.
It's not about me.
But Himawari...
Forget it.
Boruto...
[sigh]
I messed up again...
Dad, what am I
supposed to do?
Hey, what happened?!
[laugh]
I'll finish up here. You go
home and get some rest.
It's so dirty and
it's torn to shreds.
But nonetheless, it's
different with you.
You still have a father
who's actually here.
This is so uncool.
Is that?
Now he shows up?
Oh! I'm sorry, I,
uh, thought that
you were my dad.
You're Naruto's son?
And your name?
It's Boruto Uzumaki.
Is that really-? Sasuke!
Is Naruto here?
I think he's still at
the Hokage's office.
I see. Sorry to bother you.
He's the one who
was Dad's rival...
He's so cool!
What's this?
A gift from Kaguya's Palace.
Sasuke!
I'm getting a bad
feeling about this.
I can't even read it
with my Rinnegan.
There was also a
guy that worries me.
But he didn't
follow me back.
Guess I'm not going home.
Now let's figure out
what this scroll says.
Oh, also...
Why do you have that?!
I found it on
the way here.
I see...
I also met your kid.
Seems just like you
when you were young.
No, you're wrong. He's
nothing like I was.
He's a lot more like you
when you were young.
No...
I take that back. He's
different from you, too.
His clothing always
looks brand new.
I guess you and I are just
behind the times, huh?
You're wrong, you know.
The soul of a shinobi
never changes.
That goes for
your kid, too.
[chuckle] I doubt that.
Trust me, I think the winner
of this contest is me.
[chuckle]
You're one to talk, loser.
He vanished!
You're amazing! You used to
be Dad's rival, didn't you?
I get it now looks
brand-new.
Please make
me your student!
There's someone I
have to bring down!
Can you perform
the Rasengan?
Without that, you can't
be a student of mine.
That'll be a piece of cake!
Naruto, that earlier
contest isn't decided yet.
Konohamaru Sensei!
Huh? What's all this about?
Please, you just gotta teach
me how to do the Rasengan!
Right now! I have
to master it!
There's no time to waste!
Oh, I see!
It's for the Chunin Exams,
huh? To shock the Seventh
Hokage! Is that correct?
All right! At last you're
talking like a real shinobi!
Uh yeah, sure.
Imagine me being the
instructor who gets to pass
on this jutsu to the
Hokage's son!
Oh, Lord Fourth, Lord
Seventh! I will not fail to
fulfill this very
important duty!
Where did your
enthusiasm go?!
Come on, just try again.
Watch me, then
do it, like this!
I know, I know! But
"like this" isn't
working "like that" at all!
Hey, don't mock me by
repeating my words!
No, I'm not! It's just
"this" isn't acting "like
this!" "This" means this
thing in this hand here.
Quit saying "this,
this, this!"
Look who's talking!
[growling]
And why does it have to be a
water balloon?! Isn't there
a better way to do this?!
Listen, it took Lord
Fourth three entire years
to invent this jutsu and
another six months to
perfect it.
Of course it's difficult to
master! I mean, it's A-rank!
[grunt]
Damn! It's still no good!
I did it!
Yes, well done! Okay, now
it's on to the next step!
What?! A rubber
ball this time?!
No-
No way!
[chuckle]
All right!
That thing is
awfully small...
I'd be hard-pressed to
even call it a Rasengan.
But the basics are-
Damn it!
Do you always have
to be so strict, Dad?
You don't know
Boruto that well, so
I'll just tell you...
He isn't usually
like this at all.
It's a miracle he even got
this far. Get it? Huh?
He's too hasty. And he
assumed wrong.
I was going to accept
him as my student.
[giggle]
It's our biggest sale, all
items thirty to forty
percent off and
double the points!
Damn it...
What's the matter?
Ah, I see! That is a
difficult situation.
But you're lucky you
ran into me, 'cause I
have just the thing.
It's cool...
...smart...
...and easy to use. You'll
get exceptionally good
results, trust me.
With this ninja tool, you'll
be what every shinobi of
your generation wants to be!
They'll all look up to you!
Don't you agree?
Now, let's choose the
ultimate technique that's
perfect for you, young lord!
Hey, wait, when
did I get so dirty?
Nice!
Rasengan!
Hey, hey!
Well? So?
All that from just
one day of training?
I'm not like my dad!
I've got skills!
It seems you are quite
different from Naruto.
I'd hoped that
wasn't the case.
Hey! So what do you say?
About making me
your student?!
Fine. You can be my student.
Sensei, tell me
about my dad.
When he was a kid, he just
went around saying he'd be
Hokage one day. He
was quite a loser.
A loser?!
Yeah, and stubborn
as hell, too.
No, not that!
I want to know all about my
dad's weaknesses, you know!
Weaknesses?
Listen, he was full of
weaknesses. He was a
good-for-nothing.
Huh?
But he pulled himself up
with his own strength and
became the Hokage.
What you need to know now
isn't the current Naruto,
but the Naruto who
made it this far.
What does that mean?!
It's finally time!
Good luck! Do your best!
You're energetic this
morning, Mom. Is it Dad
coming home after
such a long time that's
making you so happy?
What?! No! Don't be silly!
It's silly how
silly you're being!
Just give it up, mom. I
can tell these things.
Anyway, I'm outta here!
[chuckle]
You're just as happy
he's back, Sarada.
So, you convinced
my Dad, huh, Boruto?
Yeah! Of course!
So what are you gonna do
now that you've become
my Dad's student?
I'll learn all about my
dad's weaknesses.
What?! Look, I don't mean to
criticize you or anything...
But before you challenge the
Lord Hokage, I think we'd
better become
chunin at least.
Get it?!
That's why I wanna train!
I wanna learn a lot from
Uncle Sasuke so I can show
off my power to
my dad, the power
that one day is
gonna topple him!
You mean "our" power!
Seriously, what are you
thinking with all of this?
It's obvious! I'm thinkin'
we're gonna come out on top
at the Chunin Exams.
You know, I don't
mean to sound overly
critical of you or anything.
But sometimes,
you're not that bad.
And please don't
forget about me, okay?
I didn't expect the
chakra to be dispersed
in this manner.
The Divine Tree's been
cut down, and there's
no sign of Kaguya. Seems
the creatures of this
planet have gained knowledge
they shouldn't have.
[chuckle]
We'll just have to retrieve
it one by one, then.
Take this!
I'll send it back
twice as strong.
Imagine that...
High-density
chakra in humans in
the form of beasts.
Is that all you have?
Well, I'll take it. I used
most of the pills traveling
through Time-Space.
Lord Momoshiki, there's an
even greater reverberation
to the east. I
believe the massive
accumulation of chakra
we seek is there.
How's that, huh?
So, you're able to bend
it a little bit now.
Your next target
is that one.
How am I supposed to
bend it that far?!
Don't expect an
immediate answer.
Use your head a little.
Yeah, I know...
Boruto, you must be
victorious no matter what.
When you're in a bind,
this ninja tool will
come to your rescue.
There's no need to
think so hard over it.
I wonder if he's
even gonna try?
Well, he is my son.
Can't be helped.
We'll now start the Chunin
Exams' first round.
It's time for all of you to
utilize everything you've
learned so far!
Just watch, stupid old man.
My strength's gonna take me
all the way to the top!
All right! We're about
to begin Round One.
Each team of three will
stand on the side they
believe holds the
correct answer.
And the question is!
In Volume 5 of the "Shinobi
Strategist Detective Story,"
the following
passwords appear:
Moon is day. Mountain is
river. Flower is nectar.
True or false?
Hey, Sarada, do
you know that book?
Sort of...
Except I've only
read up to the fourth
volume in the series.
I didn't even know
there was a fifth one.
Then we may
as well give up.
At least give it some
thought, Mitsuki!
Boruto, which answer do you
think my dad would choose?
[chuckle] Probably false.
He's not obedient.
Why'd you ask that?
I'll become Hokage by
choosing a different path
than my dad!
Then we should go
for true, right?
-Yeah! Let's go!
-Hey!
All right, you've all
picked your answer.
The wrong one will be
revealed soon. Remember,
those who turn
black will fail.
What do you mean,
"turn black"?
[chuckle] You'll
find out soon.
The answer is...
[gasp]
Ink! It's a pool of ink!
Oh, I get it...
[scream]
Damn it!
Is this really it?!
[gasp]
Is that the "false"
side over there?
It probably didn't
matter if we chose
"true" or "false..."
That question was a sham
right from the start!
There was never really
a fifth volume at all!
He told us that those
who turn black
are going to fail.
That's what he said. So as
long as you don't touch the
ink, you'll be okay.
So like dad, an awkward
and oblivious test.
[sigh]
Precisely right!
You see, if you realized
your mistake above the pool
of ink and then just
gave up and let the
ink stain you, you don't
deserve to be a chunin.
The real purpose was to see
the answer you were forced
to find after being put
into a difficult situation,
whether you'd
give up or not.
Those who avoided the
ink answered correctly.
The Chunin Exams' Round
One has now ended!
The Second Round's
in three days!
Yes!
We did it.
Somehow he managed
to make it through.
Boruto's team got
through round one.
Huh?
[sigh]
Are you thinking
about last time?
[sigh]
I know that I'm not one to
talk, but maybe you should
consider giving him a
pep talk or something!
Congratulations on passing
the first round. Good luck
on the next one. Dad.
An email?
He didn't even send a Shadow
Clone?! Stupid old man...
[sigh]
Shuriken Jutsu is Sarada's
specialty, not mine, Uncle
Sasuke! Everyone knows that!
I mean, she's, you
know, she's your-
She's an Uchiha!
Well, Boruto, based on your
reasoning... this jutsu should
be your specialty. Is
that right, or not?
I guess. That was Dad's
specialty, wasn't it?
No more excuses.
Naruto can make over a
thousand Shadow Clones.
[growl] I know that!
I'll blow them all away
during Round Two!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
I guess four is
still my limit.
Round Two is all about
capturing the flag. Guard
your flag while you
infiltrate enemy
territory to get theirs.
In short, this battle is
both offensive and
defensive. It's three
against three, so half the
teams will be dropped
after this round.
Seems most of the matches
are done already.
There's just one team left.
I don't see the
enemy, are we okay?
I'm guarding our flag. Just
relax and move in already!
Boruto...
We're counting on you!
If we're going to show Lord
Seventh how strong we are,
we have to make it through
this second round.
[chuckle] Hey, you don't
have to remind me!
Your surprise
attack didn't work.
Five to three. You know who
has the edge here, right?
Who has the edge now?
Whoa!
Don't worry, go!
I'll rejoin you soon!
Boruto!
A Water Style this powerful
with no water nearby?!
[scream]
He even knows
Lightning Style?
I'm okay here, guys.
Sarada, get that flag!
Yeah, I'm on it.
We did it!
Yes!
[sigh]
I guess we managed somehow.
Yeah, it was a
piece of cake.
You know, Boruto. I believe
that you really could become
the Hokage one day.
[chuckle]
Excuse me! That's
gonna be me!
[chuckle]
Wow. He's good.
Leave it to Lord Seventh's
son! I couldn't even see him
weaving any signs!
Okay, that makes four
teams. The round's done!
Thank you, Shino. You've
really been a big help.
He got through again.
It seems he used
it this time around.
Great, did you
get footage?
Yes.
Up next the third test!
Yeah...
Listen! This
means at last...
Lord Seventh will get to see
just how strong we are!
So show some excitement!
Yep, I got it!
Thought so.
Your eyes they're even
bluer than the Seventh's.
Really?
Argh!
They are! I'm sure of it!
You do pay close
attention, don't you?
Ask him to show you next
time. Lord Seventh is nice.
I'm sure he
wouldn't say no.
[sigh]
[scream] Uh, yes?
I'm impressed.
'Bout what?
About Boruto and
his team, of course.
They've cleared
Round Two.
Huh. They have?
[sigh] Well, see ya.
Is that all you
came to tell me?
Well, it is important news.
By the way, Shikadai's team
made it, too. We just might
see a showdown
between our sons!
Yes!
Will it take much
longer to decipher?
Maybe, looks like
they hit a snag.
Okay, I'll come back later.
Sasuke...
I've heard that you've
been training him.
Did Boruto tell you?
No, Konohamaru did.
I see.
Well, maybe you
were right after all...
The soul of a
shinobi never changes.
It's true. That's
what I believe.
I'm home.
Hey! Welcome back!
Congratulations,
Big Brother!
[chuckle] I just
passed Round Two.
It's no big deal,
you know!
Did you get hurt?
Nah, I'm totally fine!
But I'm feeling tired, so
I'm going to my room.
Oh, and don't worry,
I'm good on dinner.
[sigh]
Uh, hey, I told you I
didn't need any dinner!
What is it?
Dad, what are you-?!
So, uh...
I heard you passed
the Second Round.
Y-Yeah...
I, uh...
Dad?
If it's nothing,
then can you just go?
You...
You did great.
Well, see you later.
You came up just
to say that?
It's important, you know?
It's the most
important thing.
One more thing...
Yeah, what's that?
Do not lose to Shikadai!
[chuckle] Like I'd lose!
I'll be watching.
See ya!
He could've just
emailed me to say that.
Stupid old man.
All right, it's almost time.
Yeah.
As I am sure you are all
aware, Round Three consists
of individual matches!
You may even face a teammate
who knows your skills!
You will have
three matches.
And then, the winners in
Blocks A, B, and C will
battle in a
three-way final.
Are you ready?
Yes!
And now Round Three of
the Chunin Exams begins!
Challengers,
step forward!
Boruto Uzumaki of the
Hidden Leaf versus
Yurui of the
Hidden Cloud!
The first match!
Begin!
You're about to get
smoked wholesale, Boruto!
Huh?! Smoked wholesale?
It means that
you're gonna lose!
Then just say that! You
don't have to beat around
the bush so much!
Maybe I'll stop beating
around the bush right now.
Like I'd let you!
They explode?!
[chuckle]
You did great.
I'm not about to lose here!
[chuckle]
Kid can't even aim right...
How did he bend
it that much?
Sorry, but it looks
like you're the one
who got smoked here!
Um, was it Charai?
It's Yurui.
The winner is the Hidden
Leaf's Boruto Uzumaki!
[cheering]
Yeah! He won! He won!
Nicely done.
That kid's good.
All right, I'll win too!
Cha!
Oh, yeah! That's
my girl! All right!
The seventh match!
Begin!
Shadow Clones?!
You know, it would be great
if you just gave up now.
[chuckle]
[sigh]
Fine, I give up.
[chuckling]
Doesn't this scene
look familiar, guys?
Soon now, it's going to be
our turn to take the stage.
That fool's good with
that ninja tool, and
keeps it hidden well.
The winner is the Hidden
Leaf's Boruto Uzumaki!
He moves on to the final!
[laughter] Yes!
Amazing...
What's the matter, dear?
Hinata, 'round his arm.
Use your Byakugan.
This is what we've
deciphered from the scroll.
Seems my suspicions
were right on the mark.
Something wrong?
We have to let Naruto
know immediately.
We're going to need to
postpone the exams.
Well?
It's some ninja tool. He has
it attached onto his arm...
Is that how he-?
What's with the Hokage?
I bet he's so proud of his
son, he couldn't help going
down there himself!
Now there's a doting
parent for you!
[giggling]
Dad, did you see me?!
Next up's the final round!
Go on. Explain yourself.
This is...
This is prohibited
in the Chunin Exams.
Using a ninja tool instead
of your own chakra defeats
the purpose of the
Chunin Exams, to
nurture new shinobi.
Lee, Boruto Uzumaki
is disqualified.
Please change the
winner to Shikadai.
He's been exposed!
Well, we have no
choice but to act now.
Boruto Uzumaki has been
disqualified for using an
illegal ninja tool!
Wow, that sure is a
big rule to break...
Oh, man. That idiot kid's
dragging the Hokage's
name through the mud...
What!? You're kidding!
Where did he get that?
Boruto...
You're no longer
a ninja, either.
What happened
to Big Brother?
Did he do something bad?
Boruto...
Come with me.
It's the middle of
the Chunin Exams.
We'll talk later.
Really? You'll
talk to me later?
Yeah, right. Like you
actually make the
time to do that, dad!
If you'd talked to
me before this...
I...
Then I...
I wouldn't...
...have ended up
in this damn mess!
He's right, you know.
Boruto wasn't able to
win, and we're all very
disappointed about
that, Lord Seventh.
To be honest, I really
wanted to make this
announcement after he won.
You guys!
Listen, everyone! Yes, it's
true that Boruto used a
Scientific Ninja Tool!
I know such things are
prohibited here, but there's
no denying that this
Tool made it possible
for him to reach this point!
Katasuke!
That's why, Five Kage and
all those from other
villages, this was
the perfect venue to
demonstrate-
Get behind me,
now. Stay put.
Hey, what's with you two,
barging in like that?!
Stop! Just stay back!
I'm using this arena to show
off my invention, and-
[screaming]
Prevent any casualties.
I can see the fox
with my Byakugan.
It's dangerous! Go with the
others! Get outta here!
This child is the
last one left.
Get her out of
here to safety.
I'm just gonna go
check for others.
Sarada!
Whoa! Dad?!
You don't appear
to be injured.
Here's payback for before!
[attacking yell]
That was too close!
Boruto! Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Glad you're safe.
How trivial.
He absorbed that?!
Kinshiki.
Right!
We can't use our
powers right here.
Everyone'll get
dragged in.
It seems like I'm
the one they're after.
I'll try to lure them away.
Tell me, who are you guys?!
I am Kinshiki Otsutsuki.
And this is Lord
Momoshiki Otsutsuki.
Just what do you
want with me?
We'll turn the scattered
chakra into one fruit and
finish what Kaguya failed
to do on this seedbed.
The scroll said these guys
would come to retrieve the
chakra from the fruit of
the Divine Tree, which is
why Kaguya was amassing
an army of White Zetsu.
First Kaguya and now this.
And this fruit stuff?
They want to use
it to make pills.
Pills?
A kind of medicine.
That's right. As long as we
have this, we remain young,
immortal, and invincible!
You poor, awkward humans.
Unless you train and
persevere endlessly and
pointlessly you
get nowhere at all!
But me? Just watch! With
this pill I can acquire true
power instantly, with
no effort whatsoever!
Don't make me laugh!
True power's something
you have to earn!
Vulgar creatures such as
you wouldn't understand.
What will you do now?
I didn't want to
soil my cloak, but it
seems I shall have to.
I'll rearrange this seedbed
and make it beautiful
despite these annoyances.
Here's a jutsu I
acquired earlier.
No way.
It's meaningless.
Whoa, what is all of this?
I didn't know Dad had
this kind of power!
Have this!
And this!
If the real you goes down,
then it's gonna be all over.
Thanks for the help, Sasuke.
[laughter]
Naruto...
After this, it's over!
But, you must not die, Fox.
Sasuke, take care of them.
Understood.
-Dad!
-Uncle!
Let's do it, Kurama!
You'd better not be
out of shape now!
Ha! Don't be foolish! I'm
always ready to go!
Right! [yell]
[determined roar]
Listen, he was full of
weaknesses. He was a
good-for-nothing.
But he pulled himself up
with his own strength
and became the Hokage.
What you need to know now
isn't the current Naruto,
but the Naruto who
made it this far.
Dad, no!
Finally, you're awake!
The hospital?
Yeah...
Everyone was brought here.
Lord Seventh
protected all of us.
Oh, I see...
So, then, everyone is-
Mommy!
Himawari!
Hinata!
It's me! Can you hear me?
Mom!
She'll be fine. It's okay.
What happened, Mom?!
She charged in after him.
Why?! That's crazy!
She tried to get
Naruto back...
Dad...
Boruto...
When Dad was a kid, Grandpa
Hokage wasn't even alive!
So I guess Dad's just lucky
that he never had to
experience the "joy" of
having a parent around!
Why does my dad have
to be the Hokage?!
He just sits at his desk
all day long, acting bossy!
Anyone can do that!
Man I am so... uncool.
You got that right.
At the Exams, everyone
scorned you. You were
stripped of your
headband and can't even
call yourself a
shinobi right now.
On top of that, you made
your little sister cry, your
mother's been hurt,
and your father is gone.
Without the sister who
adores you and the mother
who worries so much
about you, you'd be
just like how your
father used to be.
Well? What now?
So, my Dad...
Can you tell me
what he did?
So it's not just his
weaknesses you're
interested in now.
Ask him yourself.
Huh?!
I'm going to rescue him.
I can sense his chakra.
In other words,
he's still alive.
I don't get it, Uncle
Sasuke. Why are you
even bothering
with me at all?
You're actually quite
a strong shinobi.
I may have lost to him
but you can become
someone who surpasses him.
But how are you
able to tell that?!
Well, you are his
son, aren't you?
And my number
one student.
But maybe even more than
that you're a worse loser
than Naruto ever was.
What? A loser?!
Whaddaya mean?!
All I mean is that
you hate to lose.
Aren't you two forgetting
about the rest of us?
Look, if we don't help
out, we'd disgrace the
reputation of the Five Kage.
Yeah! Let's do it!
Wow, so cool!
The Five Kage!
[chuckle] You look just
like the old Naruto...
I feel my power surging.
No, there's still
something that's missing.
This is--!
With my Rinnegan, the
number of shinobi I can
send after them is limited.
Considering our present
battle strength, this is the
best we can do.
Take care of Naruto.
Boruto!
Mom!
I'm gonna go now.
[chuckle]
Now you're finally acting
like a shinobi. Let's go!
Sarada, Mitsuki, take
care of everyone here!
Boruto...
Take care of your dad.
Damn it, not them...
[screaming]
It's taking too long.
Sorry about that.
You see... It's just
that... We ninja...
...don't like to
make things easy.
Let's do it!
Don't even think about
trying to escape.
You vulgar creatures.
Sasuke! And Boruto!
But why are you
wearing all that?
Things happened, and well
he's now become a shinobi.
[chuckling] I feel like
I'm looking at my own
Shadow Clone, here!
Do I look at little
cooler at least?
Better than before!
Before, so you
have been paying
a little attention, huh?
I'm sorry...
For everything.
From now on-
It's fine the way it was.
But, when you're around,
instead of lectures.
I'd really like you
to tell me stories
about your past, okay?
Sure...
You're cornered.
Speak for yourself.
You little--!
Honenuki: Bone Mutilation!
Kurotsuchi!
Ash Stone Sealing Jutsu!
You go! We'll
hold him here!
Sorry we're late!
Naruto! Don't use
ninjutsu on him!
You absorb jutsu, and then
release it, don't you?
Just like those toys
from the Scientific
Ninja Tool Team.
Then we'll just have
to go with taijutsu.
A simple deduction.
Lord Momoshiki...
[chuckle]
Now, Lord Momoshiki.
It seems the time has come
to consume my chakra.
Just as in the past, when
my guardian entrusted
me with their power...
Do not waver.
I won't!
[screaming]
[roaring]
[chuckle] It's like I'm
looking at the old me.
Seriously.
Come on. Let's teach
him a lesson, Sasuke!
Yeah!
[attacking roar]
[chuckle]
Amazing!
Make sure you get the power
of this Scientific Ninja
Tool on camera!
Right!
Take this! Payback for what
you did to me earlier!
There they go
again, interfering.
Those guys again!
You're fools. But
you have my thanks!
[chuckling]
My chakra!
What a nice ability...
Oh, don't worry. I'll
be careful with you.
I need the fox alive.
But the others
are nuisances.
Now's the time!
Remember what I said!
Release your Rasengan!
Yeah, but do you really
think that I can-?
Trust your master.
This is why I brought you
along with me, after all.
The Rasengan?!
Go!
What?!
What just happened?
What''s the meaning of this?
When did you learn the
Rasengan?!
Do you know how hard
that is to perfect?
[chuckle]
His Rasengan adds a
sudden Change in Chakra
Nature and then disappears.
[chuckle] I see.
Boruto, do it again.
What, really?
But my Rasengan...
Do as Sasuke says.
He's your Sensei.
Um okay!
You dare soil my
cloak twice?!
[power yell]
Whoa...
What he's gone through
to get to this point...
I don't feel like
losing today!
Pathetic. I can make an
endless number of those!
We've only got one
chance. You understand?
Let's go!
All right!
You never even
had a chance!
The rest is up to you now...
...Boruto!
Why you--!
What have you done to me?!
Go Boruto.
Rasengan!
[determined yell]
You're a total mess.
Look who's talking.
Yeah I can barely stand.
[laugh]
Well, I'd say that
I won this contest.
Huh?
The soul of a shinobi
never changes.
Even if we're talking
about your kid.
[chuckle]
Boruto...
You're right.
The situation's different
than when my dad was Hokage.
I'm a Hokage who's
here, right now.
And I'll stay right here
to watch over you
as you grow up.
It's okay,
Mom. Just leave it.
It looks cool like that.
I'll take my
jacket now, Mom.
It's time for
me to get going.
Uh, Dad, don't you
have to run, too?
Huh? Oh, yeah,
that's right, I do!
Don't forget
your lunch, Dad!
Oh. Oops! Thanks, Himawari!
Oh no, Boruto
forgot his, too!
[laughter]
See ya! I'm outta here!
I'm heading out, too!
Have a good day!
Boruto, you going
on a mission?
Yeah! And give it your
all at work today, Dad!
Uh-huh!
[chuckle]
It's important to study hard
and stay focused, you know?
So even though you're
still only a genin, you
actually fought alongside
the Five Kage and
helped save all of
us from danger?
Tell us, what do you
think the most important
thing is for a shinobi?
Teamwork and perseverance!
Oh, how wonderful!
You know, my dad said...
What's up here doesn't
matter as much as what you
know and feel here.
Yes, I see. Finally, do you
have any thoughts on the
resumption of the
Chunin Exams?
I'm gonna make it
this time, you know!
Thank you for
joining us today for
this live broadcast.
A Shadow Clone? I sure
hope that you're the
real one, at least.
Of course I am!
You've really been quite
busy with all of those
television interviews.
Even though you cheated!
Sarada, I'm sorry! How many
times can I say it?!
Gimme a break, will ya!
[growl] [roar]
A panda's escaped
from the zoo!
No, that's a bear!
Whatever! It's headed
right toward you!
Roger that!
Oh boy, not again. I'll
go act as a decoy, so
you guys capture it.
-Right!
-Okay!
Make sure you do it right
this time, you two, okay?
After all, you're the
Seventh Hokage's son and the
Fourth's grandson.
Hey, Boruto.
Huh?
You wanna be
Hokage, don't you?
Do I wanna be Hokage?
[chuckle]
No, thank you!
Although tell you what: when
you become the Hokage, I'll
be your right-hand man.
I'll make sure to
guard you really well.
[chuckling]
To me, being Hokage
is only one path.
Just 'cause my grandpa and
dad were Hokage, that
doesn't mean I have
to walk the same one.
Sarada...
What I really want is
to become a shinobi
like your dad.
I'm gonna follow
my own Ninja Way!
[roaring]
All right, here it comes.
Boruto, Mitsuki,
let's do this!
-Okay!
-Right!
Oh, I told you-!
It's a bear!
Ugh! Shut up!
It's a panda!
[chuckle] You two respect
each other so much!
Huh?
It would be really nice if
you could show my parent
some respect, too...
Oh, yeah, speaking of
which, I meant to ask
you just who is that?
Oh, didn't I tell you?
His name is Orochimaru!
What?!
Who's that?
You mean...
You're the child of
that Orochimaru?
So, uh is he, like your
dad or your mom, then?
Well, that doesn't
really matter, does it?
Hold up, who's this
Orochimaru?
And how can it
not matter?!
I don't understand!